Update meshes.md (#1171)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/parts/meshes.md

### Texture

> **Textures** contribute to the visual appearance of meshes by adding 2D details such as color and patterns. Studio allows you to either apply one texture using the `Class.MeshPart.TextureID` property, or apply up to four physically-based rendering (PBR) textures within a `Class.SurfaceAppearance` child object of the mesh or made with a `Class.MaterialVariant` and set in the meshes `Class.MeshPart.MaterialVariant` property. PBR textures allow you to represent realistic shading and lighting by using multiple types of texture images, or maps, on a single object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Textures** contribute to the visual appearance of meshes by adding 2D details such as color and patterns. Studio allows you to either apply one texture using the `Class.MeshPart.TextureID` property, or apply up to four physically-based rendering (PBR) textures within a `Class.SurfaceAppearance` child object of the mesh or made with a `Class.MaterialVariant` and set in the mesh's `Class.MeshPart.MaterialVariant` property. PBR textures allow you to represent realistic shading and lighting by using multiple types of texture images, or maps, on a single object.
```

To add PBR textures to a mesh:

> **Surface Appearance**
> 
> 1. In the [Explorer](../studio/explorer.md) window, hover over the **MeshPart** object. Click the **⊕** button and select **SurfaceAppearance**.
> 2. In the **Properties** window, edit the properties corresponding to the PBR texture maps.
> 
> **Material Variant**
> 
> 1. In the [Explorer](../studio/explorer.md) window, hover over the [MaterialService](../reference/engine/classes/MaterialService.yaml). Click the **⊕** button and select **MaterialVariant**.
> 2. In the **Properties** window, edit the properties corresponding to the PBR texture maps.
> 3. Name the **MaterialVariant** to a name of your choice.
> 4. Select the **MeshPart**, in the mesh's **Properties** window, set the **MaterialVariant** to the one you just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tabs>
<TabItem label="SurfaceAppearance">
1. In the [Explorer](../studio/explorer.md) window, hover over the `Class.MeshPart` object. Click the **⊕** button and select `Class.SurfaceAppearance`.
2. In the [Properties](../studio/properties.md) window, edit the properties corresponding to the PBR texture maps.
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="MaterialVariant">
1. In the [Explorer](../studio/explorer.md) window, hover over the `Class.MaterialService`. Click the **⊕** button and select `Class.MaterialVariant`.
2. In the [Properties](../studio/properties.md) window, edit the properties corresponding to the PBR texture maps.
3. Name the new `Class.MaterialVariant` to a name of your choice.
4. Select the `Class.MeshPart` and, in the [Properties](../studio/properties.md) window, set the `Class.MaterialVariant` to the one you just created.
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```
